Detache strategy (#290)
BioPhoton/rx-angular: libs/template/docs/render-strategies.md

| Name     | Zone Agnostic | Render Method  | Coalescing      | Scheduling                                                                                                                                            |
| -------- | ------------- | -------------- | --------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `global` | ✔             | ⮁ `ɵmarkDirty` | ✔ `RootContext` | [`animationFrame`](https://github.com/angular/angular/blob/930eeaf177a4c277f437f42314605ff8dc56fc82/packages/core/src/render3/util/misc_utils.ts#L39) |

### Detach Strategy

This strategy behaves the same as the local strategy.
The detach strategy detaches the component from Angulars change detection.
With every new value it re-attaches the component/embedded view to the change detection,
renders the new value and detaches again.

> If a component is detached the input bindings will still receive values.
> Also the internal logic will work as expected including the use of `ViewChild`.
> Only the template will not be updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additional information about `detached` views:

* If a view is detached, its input bindings will still receive values
* Also any related code will get executed properly as well as using Angulars internal APIs such as `ViewChild`
* Detached views are not getting checked when their parent components call `detectChanges`
* `HostBindings` like `[class]` `@animation` ... are not getting updated properly, when the parent component does not detect a new change
```
